# Introduction
### Guiding Questions
- What is JavaScript?
- Why should I learn JavaScript?
- What is a datatype?
- What is a variable?
***
Up to this point, we haven't even begun *programming* yet. But now, my student, you
are ready. Now that you can design and layout web pages, you may be wondering how to make your pages interactive. Enter JavaScript...

# 03 Elementary JavaScript
> "It's elementary, my dear Watson..." 
> 
> From *Sherlock Holmes* by *Arthur Conan Doyle*
***
## 03.1 The Language of the Web
**JavaScript**, not to be confused with **Java**, is a **multi-paradigm**, general-purpose, **dynamically typed**, **interpreted programming language**. It supports **procedural**, **object-oriented**, and **functional programming** paradigms. Commonly used to add interactivity to webpages, it can also be run on the server, used to build mobile apps with [ReactNative](https://reactnative.dev/) and with **frameworks** like [ElectronJS](https://www.electronjs.org/), can even be used to build desktop applications for Windows, macOS, or Linux.

JavaScript is the language of the modern Web. Along with HTML and CSS, JavaScript is the *Third Pillar of Web Development* which you must learn in order to be a web developer.

## 03.2 - A History of JavaScript, I guess
A really long time ago, in the 1990s, the Internet was born.

## 03.3 - To Code or Not to Code
Look, I won't lie to you. Programming is *hard*. However, keep going! Remember RSA (read, search, ask) when you need help!

## 03.4 - This is Where the Fun Begins!
